sure to washing hands afterwards I want
data that cheesy stuff all over
management controls again like last time
please don't have her just next time buy
colored or no it'll make want remote
sorry they will make clear Cheetos it's
like a box yeah like something out you
know why are you bros my rose I'm just
gonna say right now my my
and I think you should break it
it's good it's good so I was going to
that awesome
you
yeah hey are you saying listen
I'm mint jelly badger it's Dave 60 for
the Nintendo revolution and hopefully
the last as Nintendo characters who have
been causing havoc for over 20 waiting
for their final salem we wait for all
you should have seen here in these
pictures don't only to the public Mario
and Luigi we wait for him to win this
battle and Stockton I just don't get
what I call us Mario Luigi me to study
showing that think about characters have
been around many wonder if they still
orange juice I were red and make sense
tells me for today in the lot about you
I just be like what's that he is indeed
heading south yeah well I don't feel it
the legions of slice of outraged about
how America has been treating on
valuation MZ crystal editing this extra
little you and I make it out of here
life I guess you get a slice na yeah why
would anyone like that to this and toss
them let's get out of here
before it's game over
hey god
I wouldn't be so sure why not it's
always behind you
why did you do all this star man you had
three games mother one mother to another
three well that's not a good enough
reason the batteries
sorry couldn't grab that slice but I
miss you you were never Luigi you were
linked this one's for me this one's
small player too